[docs] fix node sidecar lab (#3476)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: src/content/docs/learn/sidecar-nodejs.mdx

We recommend reading the general [sidecar guide] first for a deeper understanding of how Tauri sidecars work.

## Goals

- Package a Node.js application to binary.

> - Integrate this binary as Tauri sidecar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Package a Node.js application as a binary.
- Integrate this binary as a Tauri sidecar.
```

## Implementation Details

> - For this we use the [pkg], but any other tool that can compile JavaScript or Typescript into binary application will work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For this we use the [pkg] tool, but any other tool that can compile JavaScript or Typescript into a binary application will work.
```

> - You can also embed Node runtime itself into your Tauri application and ship bundled JavaScript as a resource, but this will ship the JavaScript content as a readable-ish file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can also embed the Node runtime itself into your Tauri application and ship bundled JavaScript as a resource, but this will ship the JavaScript content as readable-ish files and the runtime is usually larger than a `pkg` packaged application.
```

1.  ##### Package the Sidecar

>     To package our Node.js application to a self contained binary, create a script into package.json:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To package our Node.js application into a self contained binary, create a script in `package.json`:
```

    ```json title="sidecar-app/package.json"
    {
      "scripts": {
        "build": "pkg index.ts --output app"
      }
    }
    ```

    <CommandTabs npm="npm run build" yarn="yarn build" pnpm="pnpm build" />

    This will create the `sidecar-app/app` binary on Linux and macOS, and a `sidecar-app/app.exe` executable on Windows.

    For sidecar applications, we need to ensure that the binary is named in the correct pattern, for more information read [Embedding External Binaries](https://tauri.app/develop/sidecar/)

>     To rename this file to the expected Tauri sidecar filename and also move to our Tauri project, we can use the following Node.js script as an starting example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To rename this file to the expected Tauri sidecar filename and also move to our Tauri project, we can use the following Node.js script as a starting example:
```

    if (!targetTriple) {
      console.error('Failed to determine platform target triple');
    }
    // TODO: create `src-tauri/binaries` dir
    fs.renameSync(
      `app${ext}`,
      `../src-tauri/binaries/app-${targetTriple}${ext}`
    );
    ```

    And run `node rename.js` from the `sidecar-app` directory.

    At this step the `/src-tauri/binaries` directory should contain the renamed sidecar binary.

1.  ##### Setup plugin-shell permission

>     After installing [shell plugin](/plugin/shell/) make sure you configure capabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After installing the [shell plugin](/plugin/shell/) make sure you configure the required capabilities.
```

      <TabItem label="JavaScript">

        Let's execute the `hello` command in the Node.js sidecar directly:

        ```js
        import { Command } from '@tauri-apps/plugin-shell';

        const message = 'Tauri';

        const command = Command.sidecar('binaries/app', ['hello', message]);
        const output = await command.execute();

>         // once everything is configure it should log to browser console: "Hello Tauri"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // once everything is configured it should log "Hello Tauri" in the browser console.
```

        console.log(output.stdout)
        ```

      </TabItem>

      <TabItem label="Rust">

        Let's pipe a `hello` Tauri command to the Node.js sidecar:

        ```rust
        use tauri_plugin_shell::ShellExt;

        #[tauri::command]
        async fn hello(app: tauri::AppHandle, cmd: String, message: String) -> String {
            let sidecar_command = app
                .shell()
                .sidecar("app")
                .unwrap()
                .arg(cmd)
                .arg(message);
            let output = sidecar_command.output().await.unwrap();
            String::from_utf8(output.stdout).unwrap()
        }
        ```

>         Register it into `invoke_handler` and call it on frontend with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Register it in `invoke_handler` and call it in the frontend with:
```

        ```js

        import { invoke } from "@tauri-apps/api/core";

        const message = "Tauri"
        console.log(await invoke("hello", { cmd: 'hello', message }))

        ```

      </TabItem>

    </Tabs>

1.  ##### Running

    Lets test it

    <CommandTabs
      npm="npm run tauri dev"
      yarn="yarn tauri dev"
      pnpm="pnpm tauri dev"
      deno="deno task tauri dev"
      bun="bun tauri dev"
      cargo="cargo tauri dev"
    />

>     Open DevTools with F12 (or `Cmd+Option+I` on macOS) and you should see the output of the sidecar command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Open the DevTools with F12 (or `Cmd+Option+I` on macOS) and you should see the output of the sidecar command.
```
